feat(deployment): Integrating CLP MCP Server into Docker Compose (#3)
junhaoliao/clp: docs/src/dev-docs/design-docker-compose.md

  reducer["reducer"]
  webui["webui"]
  garbage_collector["garbage-collector"]
  mcp_server["mcp-server"]

  %% One-time jobs
  db_table_creator["db-table-creator"]
  results_cache_indices_creator["results-cache-indices-creator"]

  %% Dependencies
  database -->|healthy| mcp_server

>   results_cache --> |healthy| mcp_server

Reviewer: if this is true, i believe we want to add a `depends_on` config on the `mcp_server` service in `docker-compose.yaml`?

Author: this is a great catch, I forgot adding this in the docker-compose.yaml, will do

| query_worker          | Worker processes for search/aggregation jobs                    |
| reducer               | Reducers for performing the final stages of aggregation jobs    |
| webui                 | Web server for the UI                                           |

> | mcp_server            | MCP server for AI agent to invoke CLP operations                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mcp_server            | MCP server for AI agent to access CLP functionalities                |
```

> | mcp_server            | MCP server for AI agent to access CLP functionalities                |

Reviewer: table border alignment
```suggestion
| mcp_server            | MCP server for AI agent to access CLP functionalities           |
```
